today i'm going to show a 2004 zombie
comedy film called shawn of the dead
spoilers ahead watch out and take care sales
consultant sean is at a bar with his friends
when his girlfriend liz complains how they don't
spend much quality time together as a couple liz
expresses her concerns about how they're always
hanging out at pubs like the winchester liz's
friend david chimes in saying sean should indeed
make time for liz david's girlfriend diane agrees
citing how she and david are always going on trips
together sean reasons out that he chooses to be in
the same bar every day for his friend ed ed is
a man child with no job who spends the better
half of his day playing video games and drinking
sean promises liz that things will change and says
he'll start that very day promising her a romantic
evening at a restaurant for just the two of them
shawn wakes up the next morning to a pigsty of
a house with ed busy on the couch playing video
games he prepares for work and his housemate pete
comes in complaining about the filth in the house
and adds lack of care he also brings up how ed is
a freeloader and questions why he's still staying
in the house with them sean defense added saying
they've been friends since preschool and he loves
having ed around as they always have a great time
sean and pete ryan failed to get ed off his butt
to do even simple house chores on his way to work
sean sees a woman faint while waiting for a bus
at his job sean has to take charge as some of the
employees are sick sean tends to customers when
news footage shows a rising virus threat sweeping
the nation sean's stepdad phillip comes to see
him and reminds him of his monthly visit he also
suggests sean brings flowers as he forgot to bring
any for mother's day the relationship between the
two is clearly not a good one but phillip still
tells sean he's looking forward to the visit as
philip leaves sean sees military trucks passing
by as shawn buys flowers for his mom he notices
someone running and a homeless person across the
street trying to eat live pigeons before he could
take a better look the homeless man disappears
sean takes a bus ride home and a passenger coughs
uncontrollably the bus gets into a traffic jam and
sean gets off to walk he runs into yvonne an old
friend and the two are surprised to see each other
as they talk paramedics arrive and see that the
cause of the traffic jam is a man who has fallen
unconscious while driving sean gets reminded
of his promise to book a restaurant for his
romantic evening with liz and hurries home he
tries to call the restaurant but fails as the
place is fully booked with no other choice sean
suggests the winchester liz hangs up and shawn
heads over to her place with the flowers he
got for his mother at liz's apartment david
and diane advised shawn not to head up but does
so anyway sean apologizes to a disappointed liz
and he brings her the flowers but liz sees it's
for sean's mom liz expresses her fear of becoming
someone who just sits at a bar every day for
the rest of her life and breaks up with shawn
ed and sean spend the night drinking and on their
way home they spot a smooching couple and make fun
of them but don't see that the man's head almost
falls off while the woman gnaws on him they see
another person walking strangely and moaning
loudly they think nothing of it and assume he's
drunk sean and ed get drunk and continue their
party at the house pete gets up and angrily tells
them to quiet down he complains because he has to
wake up early and get to work because everyone in
his department is sick ed notices a scratch on
pete's hand and he says he got mugged and one
of them bit him he goes back to bed wanting to
get sleep telling them he's developing a fever
the next morning sean gets a foreboding warning on
the television ed informs him that there's a woman
in the backyard they go to her and see that she's
completely dazed assuming she's drunk the pair
make fun of her but the woman attacks shawn pushes
her off and the woman gets impaled on a metal pipe
to their shock she gets back up and another undead
person walks into the yard ed and shawn head in
and try to call the police but get no answer on
the news they learn that the dead are coming back
to life and an effective way to beat them is
by destroying the brain or removing the head
as they watch the news a zombie walks in and they
throw random things at it only disabling it when
ed bashes it in the head with an ashtray now
knowing how to defeat the zombies they head to
the backyard grab a shovel and a wooden paddle
from the shed and beat the two zombies heads
they remember about pete being bitten and try
calling out to him but get no answer sean tries
calling liz but also gets no answer sean's mom
barbara calls and informs sean that philip has
been bitten and is slowly getting sick sean lays
out a plan to head to barbara's place till phillip
then to liz's then take everyone to the winchester
to hold out and wait for everything to blow over
they take pete's car and arrive at barbara's sean
finds philip and discovers he's still all right
sean talks to barbara and asks how much she
loves philip barbret is annoyed and tells
sean he'll have to be civil with philip even
though it's obvious that they dislike each other
sean tells them that they need to head
out philip gets bitten on the neck
they escape and head to liz's place shawn goes
in alone and sees david and diane are also there
sean tells him of his plan and diane agrees but
david is hesitant shawn eventually convinces them
and they all arm themselves they meet up with
ed and cram themselves in phillips small car
they bicker and argue why they should go to the
winchester as they argue philip wakes up and tells
sean being a father has been difficult he says
that they met when sean was already a young man
he tells sean that he'd always loved him and he
tried his best to be someone sean could look up to
philip dies telling sean to take care of
barbara shawn tells ed to stop the car and
he informs everyone that philip has died but to
their surprise philip has come back as a zombie
they stagger out of the car and run through
backyards with david complaining the whole time
they run into a vaughn who also has her
family trying to get to the other side of town
they exchange pleasantries and head in opposite
directions they get to a fence and sean tells
them the winchester is just over they notice
that barbara is missing and shawn hurries back
he finds her and they get attacked by a zombie but
shawn fights and impales it to a tree shawn gets
an idea to pretend as zombies to get past the
huge crowd of undead in front of the winchester
the act works until they reach the winchester's
locked doors but adds phone rings ed talks loudly
and gets the zombie's attention sean is furious
and tells that he's been a screw-up he says he
spent his whole life sticking his neck out
for ed and ed always messes everything up
they stop and see all of the undead are staring
at them david takes a trash can and breaks a
window for everyone to get in sean tries to
get the undead horde's attention and leads
them away while everyone else gets into the pub
barbara finds the flower sean had thrown away
earlier saying she thinks it's for her inside the
winchester david wants to take charge as he argues
that shawn's plan has been a complete bust david
is clearly somewhat jealous of sean and expresses
his anger telling liz sean can't be dependent on
sean pops back in getting in through the back door
sean tries to flip the fuses so they could watch
tv but sees that the mob of zombies has followed
him and are waiting by the back door ed turns on a
game and makes a lot of loud noises which attract
the undead on the streets the dead come up to the
windows and the group tries to devise a plan to
deal with them a zombified bartender shows up from
nowhere and then the jukebox starts playing music
ed shawn and liz fight the bartender until ed gets
the bartender shotgun and shawn uses it to bash
the bartender's head liz discovers that barbara
has been bitten and her condition has worsened
barbara slowly turns into a zombie and
shawn cries and begs her to stay alive
shawn holds barbara in his arms as she
starts convulsing and stops breathing
david appears with a shotgun and aims it at
barbara sean and david argue sean brings up
that all of david's pent-up anger is because of
david's suppressed feelings for liz sean says
he's always known that david is in love with liz
and that david believes sean doesn't deserve her
diane confirms this too and tells him she's known
about it for a long time telling everyone she and
david only got together when liz rejected
him they continue arguing and liz tries to
calm everyone down but barbara gets back up sean
takes the shotgun and shoots his mom in the head
david succumbs to his temper and opts
to get out and head to the streets
saying he'll have better chances diane gets angry
with david and calls him out for his behavior
she shouts at david and it seems like david gets
some sense knocked back into him david is about
to apologize when the horde of undead breaks in
and takes him diane goes after david and gets
eaten too ed liz and sean remain and get cornered
at the bar ed gets bitten trying to fend off the
attack and they find the cellar doors and hide
underground with nowhere else to go they decide
to use the remaining shells to kill themselves
shawn and liz are sharing a cigarette when sean
sees a switch for the cellar door that leads to
the streets their escape sean tries to take ed
but he tells them he wants to stay he's bleeding
out too much and thinks he'll start turning soon
sean apologizes to ed for shouting at him earlier
and calling him a screw-up but ed laughs it off
as the zombies break through the cellar door
shawn and liz make it up the streets but the
military arrives with yvonne and start shooting
the zombies six months pass and the zombie
apocalypse is being handled it's still unclear
as to what caused the outbreak but the zombies
have been discovered to still retain their primal
instincts making them ideal for medial repetitive
tasks zombies have been accepted into the world
as some are used for fun tv show games and a woman
even decides to remain with his undead husband
sean and liz are happily living together and
sean heads to the shed to play a video game and
a zombified it greets him as they play together
subscribe to watch more videos
like this turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching